Fixed #36298 -- Truncated the overwritten file content in file_move_safe(). (#19340)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.1.txt

* Fixed a regression in Django 5.2 that caused unnecessary queries when
  prefetching nullable foreign key relationships (:ticket:`36290`).

> * Fixed a data loss possibility where ``file_move_safe()``, with
>   ``allow_overwrite`` set to ``True``, did not truncate the overwritten file
>   content (:ticket:`36298`).

Reviewer: I would suggest a slight rewording to this since there is no true data loss, "only" data corruption (the data is always there and to some extent can be retrieved):
```suggestion
* Fixed data corruption in ``file_move_safe()`` when ``allow_overwrite=True``,
   where leftover content from a previously larger file could remain after
   overwriting with a smaller one due to lack of truncation (:ticket:`36298`).
```
